us and they're going to do it matter
what for example what individual said
you know he was driving up the pocket
County during all this thing he may
Thea's girlfriend and Paul said they go
down this road and they see this object
in the sky and they say ho Chi you know
that's interesting you heard about the
UFOs and so so they're not near Putnam
County Iraq they drew 202 true they'll
roll I think and they go down this dark
road because they're trying to you know
get it into a dark area where it's clear
open so they see this object and there's
the object right on the road almost
hovering the bulky goal and they stopped
the car and they report these little
grey beings that came around the car and
they lock the car doors and these
creatures were trying to get in and I
remember we we did regressive hypnosis
in and there are big noses and they're
talking about them and the fellows
talking he's saying yeah it's like you
know they had a job to do and no matter
what we did or said they were going to
do their job and they said then I was
scared because you know maybe you know
this was the shock who stole about her
space coming through like specimens and
they said while they were in the car
which they did they said the creatures
could not get into the doorway through
the door lock so they said they started
projecting mental images into the mind
that the glass on the windshield or
melting so they would open up the door
and get out and then he said one thing
under hypnosis he said he's yelling to
his girlfriend and say he was saying get
in the backseat and hide because I think
they're after view he wanted her to go
into that and cover up with a blanket
and for some reason he starts yelling
under hypnosis leave her alone she had
in this
directly she's he's yelling this under
hypnosis so there are cases like this
that took place